- [CS 1632](#cs-1632)
  * [Course Information](#course-information)
  * [Grading](#grading)
  * [Group Work](#group-work)
  * [Excercise Details](#excercise-details)
  * [Deliverable Details](#deliverable-details)
  * [Assignment submission](#assignment-submission)
  * [Programming Language Selection](#programming-language-selection)
  * [Participating in Class](#participating-in-class)
  * [Disability Services Statement](#disability-services-statement)
  * [Academic Integrity Statement](#academic-integrity-statement)
  * [Back to In-Person](#back-to-in-person)

# CS 1632
Software Quality Assurance - Summer 2025

## Course Information

**Taught by:** Wonsun Ahn (wahn at pitt dot edu)
  * GitHub username: wonsunahn

**Class Time and Location:**

  * Tue/Thu 8:30 AM - 11:45 AM @ 5129 Sennott Square

**Instructor's Office Hours:**

  * Chat on Microsoft Teams: Mon-Fri 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM
  * Physical Office Hours: Tue/Thu 12:00 - 1:30 PM @ 5423 Sennott Square or by appointment

**Class GitHub repo:** https://www.github.com/wonsunahn/CS1632_Summer2025

**Required Texts:**
* [_A Friendly Introduction to Software Testing_](software-quality-assurance-textbook.pdf)
  * This is a PDF and is freely available by clicking on the link

This course provides students with a broad understanding of modern software
testing and quality assurance. Although it will cover testing theory, the
emphasis is on providing practical skills in software testing currently used in
industry. To that end, it will cover: manual and automated tests, test-driven
development, performance testing, and model checking.

This lecture will use a **[semi-flipped
classroom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flipped_classroom)** learning model.
A flipped classroom inverses the conventional classroom structure such that,
instead of listening to lectures in class and doing exercises at home,
exercises are done in-class and pre-recorded lectures are assigned as homework.
The rationale: doing exercises is when students think deeply about the material
and that is when most student questions are triggered --- hence, it makes more
sense to have the instructor on-hand at that point of time.

As such, this class is organized around the 10 in-class exercises that happen
every week.  Please refer to the [Class Schedule Page](schedule.md) to view
what is happening each week and what recorded lectures you need to listen to
when.  Each exercise is meant to be done in-class during lecture hours, and for
those of you who need a bit more time, I will give until the start of the next
class to finish the exercise.

Exercises are [formative
assessments](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Formative_assessment) --- meaning
that they are meant to improve your learning, not to assign you a grade.
Hence, the exercises are only scored as complete/incomplete and as long as you
give it your honest best effort, I will mark them as complete, even if
GradeScope autograder shows you an imperfect score.  The only thing I ask of
you is that, when you get an imperfect score, write in the Reflections section
what difficulty you faced that prevented you from getting a perfect score (if
you do not write the reflection, I can only assume that you did not spend
enough effort). For the flipped classroom model to work well, you need to be
active in asking questions when something does not work.  You can ask your
instructor or your classmates --- since exercises are not graded, you can even
share and discuss each other's code!  Asking questions is part of the effort
you are expected to spend.  Here are the 10 exercises:

* **Exercise 0:** Java assessment exercise
* **Exercises 1-5:** Exercises that prepare you for the corresponding deliverable
* **Supplementary Exercises 1-4:** Supplementary exercises that are unrelated to a deliverable

Deliverables form the bulk of the [summative
assessment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Summative_assessment) of this class.
A "deliverable" is an industry term for software or hardware modules that
developers need to deliver to stakeholders at predetermined dates.  By the time
you start on the deliverable, you would have done the corresponding exercise so
you should be well prepared.  If you still have questions, please ask your
instructor.  Plese do not discuss your solutions or share your code with your
classmates --- you have the exercises for that purpose.  Here are the 5
deliverables:

* **Deliverable 1:** Developing a test plan and traceability matrix for a system.
* **Deliverable 2:** Developing unit tests for a console-based application.
* **Deliverable 3:** Developing a simple web application system with the help of automated systems testing.
* **Deliverable 4:** Performance testing and optimization of an application.
* **Deliverable 5:** Developing and testing an application using both static and dynamic testing.

## Grading

* Projects (70%):
  * Deliverable 1 - 10%
  * Deliverable 2 - 15%
  * Deliverable 3 - 15%
  * Deliverable 4 - 15%
  * Deliverable 5 - 15%
* Midterms (20%):
  * Midterm 1 - 10%
  * Midterm 2 - 10%
* Participation (10%)
  * TopHat attendance
  * TopHat lecture questions
  * Exercise submissions (satisfactory / unsatisfactory)
  * Teams participation

TopHat questions will be asked in class on lectures done on that day, or on
recorded lectures that were assigned due that day.  Recorded lectures are
uploaded to Canvas Panopto and the slides are uploaded to the
[Lectures](lectures/) folder in the repository.  You will be given typically
one minute to answer each question.  0.5 points are participation points and
0.5 points are correctness points for each 1 point per question.  I might also
assign TopHat questions that we don't have time to cover in class as homework.

Exams will NOT be allowed to be made up except with a valid and verified excuse
(generally medical - others are left to the discretion of the instructor).

The following grading scale will be used.  Note that I generally do _not_ round
grades up.

Score  | Grade
-----: | ------------------------------
100.00-93.00 | A (A+ for extraordinary work)
92.99-90.00  | A-
89.99-87.00  | B+
86.99-83.00  | B
82.99-80.00  | B-
79.99-77.00  | C+
76.99-73.00  | C
72.99-70.00  | C-
69.99-67.00  | D+
66.99-63.00  | D
62.99-60.00  | D-
59.99-0.00   | F

## Group Work

One of the learning goals of this class is to learn to collaborate effectively
as part of a team using tools like git repositories, code live sharing, and
Teams communication.  You are highly encouraged to find and work with a
partner.  If you cannot find a partner you would like to work with, then you
are allowed to work alone.

Either way, please submit the Partnership Contract on GradeScope.  Your
expectations as a group member are outlined clearly on the contract.  You may
resubmit the contract at a later time, at which time the new contract will come
into effect.  All deliverables will be done as group work in this class.

## Assignment submission

All exercises and deliverables will be submitted using GradeScope.

Most assignments will be done in a GitHub Classroom repository.  The repository
will allow you to collaborate effectively with your partner and also keep a
history of all past modifications for versioning purposes.  The repository can
be submitted in its entirety to GradeScope.  Make sure you commit and push your
changes before submitting.  

You are encourged to commit early and often to the repository as commit history
will be used as the ground truth for proof of work (especially as it relates to
a group project).  Also, frequent commits help avoid version conflicts when
working on the same files as your partner.  If any disputes from groups arise,
I will assume that GitHub is the "ground truth".  For example, if Partner A
insists that they did all the work, but GitHub history shows only commits by
Partner B, I will assume that Partner B has done all the work.  Please keep
your repository **private** at all times to prevent plagiarism.

Some assignments require write-ups that need to be submitted to GradeScope.
The format of the write-up will be specified on each assignment.  To
collaborate on these write-ups, it may be easier to use cloud shared docs (such
as over OneDrive or Goodle Drive).

All exercises are expected to be submitted on time, for the purposes of timely feedback.
Late deliverables will receive a -5 percentage point penalty per day (e.g., if
you would have received a 90% on a deliverable, but you turned it in 3 days
late, you would receive 90 - 15 = 75%.).  

## Programming Language Selection

For all deliverables, the class will use Java with the appropriate frameworks
(JUnit, Mockito, Selenium).  Projects written in other languages or using
alternative frameworks will not be accepted.

## Participating in Class

Questions and comments are invited and strongly encouraged.  If you have a view
point or experience that may enrich the class, please jump in!  There are
several ways you can participate:

1. In-class

    If you are in-person and you have a question, just interrupt me and
interject.  Raising your hand is optional.  

2. Offline

    Please use the Teams "Posts" tab on the "General" channel if you have a
general question or comment.  If you have a question about a specific topic for
which there is a dedicated channel, please use that channel.  For example,
there is currently a "Partner Exchange" channel besides the "General" channel,
so please use that channel to broadcast messages about partners.  Remember, you
are encouraged to answer as well as ask questions!  I will give a thumbs up on
verified answers or I will add a few more things if needed.  

    You can easily DM me or one of your classmates using Teams.  Again, select
the class in the "Teams" menu and then click on the "..." context menu beside
the "CS 1632 Software Quality Assurance" team name.  Please select the top-most
item: "Manage Team".  There, you should be able to see the statuses of all
students in the class, and if you hover over the name of any student, you
should see options to initiate a chat, email, or a call with that individual.

3. Email / Canvas messages

    For the fastest response, please use Teams chat.

When you ask a source-code-specific question about an exercise or deliverable,
please submit your code to GradeScope first so that I can reproduce your error.
Also, describe precisely the steps I should take to reproduce your error.
Before you do this, it is very hard for me to help you.

I will try to get back to all offline communications within 24 hours of
receipt.  Even if I'm logged onto Teams, please understand that I may be away
from my desk or working on something else.  Meanwhile, feel free to answer each
other's questions!

## In-Person Attendance

This is fully in-person class.  I will allow remote participation only if you
have a family or medical emergency that would prevent you from attending.
Rather than have you miss class, if you are able to participate over Zoom, I
will allow it.  If you cannot participate remotely, I will provide you other
means to catch up.  Either way, please provide me with documentation of the
event that prevented attendance.

For the above circumstance, I will create Zoom sessions on demand.  These Zoom
sessions are only available to affected students and are protected by a
password which is distributed individually.  Please notify me as soon as you
are affected so I can make arrangements.

## Disability Services Statement

"The Office of Disability Resources and Services (DRS) provides a broad range
of support services to assist students with disabilities. Services include, but
are not limited to, tape-recorded textbooks, sign language interpreters,
adaptive and transportation. Contact DRS at 412-648-7890 or 412-383-1355 (TTY)
in 216 William Pitt Union or see www.drs.pitt.edu for more computer technology,
Braille translation, and nonstandard exam arrangements, DRS can also assist
students with accessibility to campus housing information."

The instructor will work to the best of their ability to accommodate any issues
arising from a disability that a student has, but he must be aware of it in
order to accommodate it.  Please inform me as soon as possible if you have a
disability which you think may hinder your success in the course and we (along
with the DRS) should be able to work around it.

## Academic Integrity Statement

Cheating/plagiarism will _not_ be tolerated. Students suspected of violating
the [SCI Academic Integrity
Policy](https://www.sci.pitt.edu/student-resources/policies/academic-integrity-policy)
will receive a minimum sanction of a zero score for the exam or assignment.

Some guidelines:

_1. For unscored in-class exercises, you are allowed (and encouraged) to
share each other's work and discuss it.  If you get ample help for the
exercises, you should rarely need additional help for the deliverables._

_2. For all scored deliverables and exams, viewing work done by your classmates
(or from a 3rd source) pertaining to the assignment is considered cheating.
Aiding this activity is also considered cheating.  The only exception is your
designated partner for your deliverales._

_3. Text or code generated by generative AI such as ChatGPT or CoPilot is
included in the prohibited 3rd source mentioned above.  You should be the sole
originator of all text or code that you submit as part of this class._
